Support the identification of the source host of the metric data in otel-receiver-plugin (#6243)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/backend-receivers.md

    enabledHandlers: ${SW_OTEL_RECEIVER_ENABLED_HANDLERS:"oc"}
    enabledOcRules: ${SW_OTEL_RECEIVER_ENABLED_OC_RULES:"istio-controlplane"}
```

> The receiver will add a labelkey 'node_identifier_host_name' to the collected data samples，
> the labelvalue is from opencensus.proto.agent.common.v1.Node.identifier.host_name, 
> to support the identification of the source of the metric data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The receiver adds a label with `key=node_identifier_host_name` to the collected data samples，
and value from `Node.identifier.host_name` defined in opencensus agent proto, 
to be the identification of the metric data.
```

Author: done
